#Some questions and answers shewing man his duty, and pointing him to the principle of God in his heart ... : As also, some questions and answers concerning the seed of Jacob, and the true church. / By Isaac Pennington.#

##Penington, Isaac, 1616-1679.##
Some questions and answers shewing man his duty, and pointing him to the principle of God in his heart ... : As also, some questions and answers concerning the seed of Jacob, and the true church. / By Isaac Pennington.
Penington, Isaac, 1616-1679.

##General Summary##

**Links**

[TCP catalogue](http://www.ota.ox.ac.uk/tcp/)  • 
[HTML](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-HTML/free/A90/A90397.html)  • 
[EPUB](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-EPUB/free/A90/A90397.epub) • 
[Page images (Historical Texts)](https://historicaltexts.jisc.ac.uk/eebo-45789371e)

**Availability**

This keyboarded and encoded edition of the work described above is co-owned by the
    institutions providing financial support to the Early English Books Online Text Creation
    Partnership. This text is available for reuse, according to the terms of  Creative Commons 0 1.0 Universal
    licence. The text can be copied, modified, distributed and performed, even for commercial
    purposes, all without asking permission.

**Major revisions**

1. __2014-05 __ __Apex CoVantage__ *Keyed and coded from ProQuest page images *
1. __2014-08 __ __Kate Allen __ *Sampled and proofread *
1. __2014-08 __ __Kate Allen__ *Text and markup reviewed and edited *
1. __2015-03 __ __pfs__ *Batch review (QC) and XML conversion *
1. __2021-05 __ __lb__ *TEI P5 conversion *

##Content Summary##

#####Front#####
 SOME QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS SHEWING Man his Duty, AND Pointing him to the Principle of God in his he
1. The Preface.

#####Body#####

1. Some Questions and Answers shewing man his duty, &c.
Quest.WHat is the proper work of man here in this world?Ans. To fear God, and keep his Commandments.Quest. What is God?Ans. The Fountain of Beings and Natures, the inward Substance of all that appearsQuest. How may I know that there is a God?Ans. By sinking down into the Principle of his own life, wQuest. What is it to fear this God?Ans. The spirit and soul of the creature standing in awe of his NQuest. What are his Commandments?Ans. They are such as are either general to all mankind, common to Quest. What are those which are general to all mankind?Ans. They are very many, but may all be referQuest. How may man perform these?Ans. Onely by receiving a principle of life from God, and keeping cQu. How may a man come by a Principle of Life from God?Ans. God is near to every man with the breathQuest. What hinders man from receiving this Principle of Life, and from keeping close thereto?Ans. AQuest. How comes this fleshly Principle to be found in man?Ans. It was sown there by the enemy of maQuest. What help hath man against this fleshly Principle?Ans. None of himself: but being touched freQuest. In what way it this effected upon the heart?Ans. In the hearts belief of this Principle, and Quest. How may a man come to believe in this Principle?Ans. In feeling its nature, in waiting to feeQuest. How may a man come to obey this Principle.Ans. In the Faith, in the eying of it, in the clingQuest. How come persons to be so weak, and to complain so much for want of power,
 who feel a true bQuest. What is to be done in this case?Ans. The soul is to wait God's seasons of deliverance from thQuest. What ground is there for this hope?Ans. There is ground of hope for the creature in God's gooQuest. Are there other Commands besides these, common to some sorts of men?Ans. Yes▪ according to thQuest. Are there then more dispensations of life and mercy than one?Ans. Yes. For though the life anQuest. What have been the chief waies of dispensing the Light of Life towards mankind?Ans. First, ByQuest. Were ever any thus gathered to the Lord?Ans. The Lord is able to make any Dispensation of hisQuest. But the Law gave the knowledge of the Messiah to come through faith, in whom was the remissioQuest. What are the Commands common to those?Ans. They are known to those who are thus gathered, whoQuest. What other way of dispensing the Light of Life hath there been?Ans. That of the promise to thQuest. What were the Commands common to these?Ans. They were seen by them in the streamings forth ofQuest. What further dispensation of life hath there been?Ans. That of the Law to the Jews.Quest. Was that a Ministration of life? was it not rather a Ministration of death and condemnation?AQu. What were the common Laws amongst these?Ans. They are to be read in the writings of Moses and thQu. Have there been yet any further Dispensations of life?Ans. Yes, that of the Gospel, before the AQuest. What were the Laws common to these?Ans. They may be read in the Writings of the Evangelists aQuest. What hath the Ministration of Life been since the Apostles days?Ans. Very low, very weak, verQuest. Had these any common Commandments?Ans. Not so distinctly as the former: for they lying in an Qu. Hath there been any further dispensation of life since the Apostacy?Ans. There is another begun,Qu. How may it appear that there is another?Ans. There is no knowing this dispensation, but by beingQu. What is the difference of this from the former?Ans. It is more inward, more retired, more closelQu. Is it then the same in substance?Ans. Yes, the very same. The very same truth of Christ Jesus, tQu. But surely a greater glory than that in the Apostles dayes is not to be expected; nay it is not Qu. Are there any common Commands given forth in this Dispensation?Ans. Yes, unto all who are gatherQu. What are they?Ans. They are many, and concern many things (to wit, their meetings to worship andQuest. But how may men know that these are true Commands of the Lord, and not imaginations or opinioQu. Are there particular Commands to particular persons, besides these?Ans. As every heart hath its Qu. How may these be k•own?Ans. By coming into acquaintance with the Lord, and the movings and voiceQuest. WHo are the Seed of Israel?Ans. They who are begotten of the Spirit and Nature of the EternalQu. Are there such a seed in the earth?Ans. Yea, and have always been, who have stil been the blessiQu. Why are they hated by the world?Ans. Because they are not of the World, but faithful Witnesses aQu. Why do they thus testifie?Ans. It is their nature, and God calleth them thereunto. He hath set uQuest. How do they scatter the darkness? doth not the darkness rather scatter them?Ans. The darknessQu. Why doth the Lord suffer it to be thus, that that which is precious, and of him, should be troddQu. But shall this holy Seed always suffer in this world?Ans. Nay, not so: for the Lord hath a day tQu. When shall this be?Ans. When the malice and persecutions of the Enemies of the pure Seed are filQu. Where are this Seed?Ans. They are (as yet, for the generality) scattered up and down under the fQu. Were they then once in a body?Ans. Yea, they were once embodied: for after God had cast off the Quest. How came they afterwards to be scattered?Ans. The Dragon hath done this, God suffering him maQuest. Why did God suffer the Dragon to prevail over so precious and glorious a Building?Ans. BecausQu. Is there then such a thing to be brought forth?Ans. Yea. There is a Church, there is a SpiritualQu. Is this Church, and the Church in the Apostles dayes different, or the same?Ans. This Church hatQu. Where hath this Church been these many ages, since the Dragons sore assault and overcoming it, aQu. What Wilderness? any visible, outward Wilderness?Ans. It is a parable, representing the scattereQuest. How were those Churches, or Buildings in the Apostles dayes laid waste?Ans. The presence of tQuest. According to this Rule there are, or have been few true Churches of God in the World, since tQu. When shall this true Church appear again?Ans. When God, who gave her the wings of an Eagle to flQu. How may it appear, that those present Buildings which are to be found in the world, are not trueQu. Why do men keep up such Buildings, and not rather mourn after the true Building of God, which isQu. How may I know the true Church?Ans. By being born of God's Spirit, and looking with that eye whiQu. Are there then many resemblances of the true Church, and pretenders to be such, which are not soQu. What makes a true Church?Ans. That alone which makes a spiritual body, and which unites that bodQu. May not the true Church be known by outward visible marks, as most persons describe
 and seek toQuest. Why not possibly in her Wilderness state?Ans. Because there she is stripped of them, and the Quest. Why hardly in her builtstate?Ans. Because even then such variety of resemblances and likenessQu. What am I to do when I know the true Church?Ans. To wait in that, which gives to be a Member of Quest. OUt of what womb doth the Seed of Israel spring?Ans. Out of the Nature of Eternal Life, out oQu. By what Covenant are the Children of Israel brought up?Ans. By the Covenant of Faith in the loveQuest. Is there obedience required in the New-Covenant?Ans. Yes, the obedience of Faith: the subjectQuest. What if there be disobedience?Ans. The Seed it self cannot disobey: but the Vessel in which iQuest. Can any fall from this Covenant?Ans. The Covenant is with the Seed for ever, and with the SeeQu. How is this begetting?Ans. In the weakening of man's strength day by day, and raising up the seeQu. How is this done?Ans. First by drawing forth what is in the man, and then by trying its strengthQu. VVhy doth God take this course with man?Ans. It is proper and natural. How
 can an higher PrinciQu. VVhat is man's Covenaent?Ans. That which his nature desires of God to make him happy. That LightQu. What is God's Covenant?Ans. That which his nature sees needful to make man happy in him, and to 
1. Some Questions and Answers concerning the Seed of Israel and the true Church.
Quest.WHat is the proper work of man here in this world?Ans. To fear God, and keep his Commandments.Quest. What is God?Ans. The Fountain of Beings and Natures, the inward Substance of all that appearsQuest. How may I know that there is a God?Ans. By sinking down into the Principle of his own life, wQuest. What is it to fear this God?Ans. The spirit and soul of the creature standing in awe of his NQuest. What are his Commandments?Ans. They are such as are either general to all mankind, common to Quest. What are those which are general to all mankind?Ans. They are very many, but may all be referQuest. How may man perform these?Ans. Onely by receiving a principle of life from God, and keeping cQu. How may a man come by a Principle of Life from God?Ans. God is near to every man with the breathQuest. What hinders man from receiving this Principle of Life, and from keeping close thereto?Ans. AQuest. How comes this fleshly Principle to be found in man?Ans. It was sown there by the enemy of maQuest. What help hath man against this fleshly Principle?Ans. None of himself: but being touched freQuest. In what way it this effected upon the heart?Ans. In the hearts belief of this Principle, and Quest. How may a man come to believe in this Principle?Ans. In feeling its nature, in waiting to feeQuest. How may a man come to obey this Principle.Ans. In the Faith, in the eying of it, in the clingQuest. How come persons to be so weak, and to complain so much for want of power,
 who feel a true bQuest. What is to be done in this case?Ans. The soul is to wait God's seasons of deliverance from thQuest. What ground is there for this hope?Ans. There is ground of hope for the creature in God's gooQuest. Are there other Commands besides these, common to some sorts of men?Ans. Yes▪ according to thQuest. Are there then more dispensations of life and mercy than one?Ans. Yes. For though the life anQuest. What have been the chief waies of dispensing the Light of Life towards mankind?Ans. First, ByQuest. Were ever any thus gathered to the Lord?Ans. The Lord is able to make any Dispensation of hisQuest. But the Law gave the knowledge of the Messiah to come through faith, in whom was the remissioQuest. What are the Commands common to those?Ans. They are known to those who are thus gathered, whoQuest. What other way of dispensing the Light of Life hath there been?Ans. That of the promise to thQuest. What were the Commands common to these?Ans. They were seen by them in the streamings forth ofQuest. What further dispensation of life hath there been?Ans. That of the Law to the Jews.Quest. Was that a Ministration of life? was it not rather a Ministration of death and condemnation?AQu. What were the common Laws amongst these?Ans. They are to be read in the writings of Moses and thQu. Have there been yet any further Dispensations of life?Ans. Yes, that of the Gospel, before the AQuest. What were the Laws common to these?Ans. They may be read in the Writings of the Evangelists aQuest. What hath the Ministration of Life been since the Apostles days?Ans. Very low, very weak, verQuest. Had these any common Commandments?Ans. Not so distinctly as the former: for they lying in an Qu. Hath there been any further dispensation of life since the Apostacy?Ans. There is another begun,Qu. How may it appear that there is another?Ans. There is no knowing this dispensation, but by beingQu. What is the difference of this from the former?Ans. It is more inward, more retired, more closelQu. Is it then the same in substance?Ans. Yes, the very same. The very same truth of Christ Jesus, tQu. But surely a greater glory than that in the Apostles dayes is not to be expected; nay it is not Qu. Are there any common Commands given forth in this Dispensation?Ans. Yes, unto all who are gatherQu. What are they?Ans. They are many, and concern many things (to wit, their meetings to worship andQuest. But how may men know that these are true Commands of the Lord, and not imaginations or opinioQu. Are there particular Commands to particular persons, besides these?Ans. As every heart hath its Qu. How may these be k•own?Ans. By coming into acquaintance with the Lord, and the movings and voiceQuest. WHo are the Seed of Israel?Ans. They who are begotten of the Spirit and Nature of the EternalQu. Are there such a seed in the earth?Ans. Yea, and have always been, who have stil been the blessiQu. Why are they hated by the world?Ans. Because they are not of the World, but faithful Witnesses aQu. Why do they thus testifie?Ans. It is their nature, and God calleth them thereunto. He hath set uQuest. How do they scatter the darkness? doth not the darkness rather scatter them?Ans. The darknessQu. Why doth the Lord suffer it to be thus, that that which is precious, and of him, should be troddQu. But shall this holy Seed always suffer in this world?Ans. Nay, not so: for the Lord hath a day tQu. When shall this be?Ans. When the malice and persecutions of the Enemies of the pure Seed are filQu. Where are this Seed?Ans. They are (as yet, for the generality) scattered up and down under the fQu. Were they then once in a body?Ans. Yea, they were once embodied: for after God had cast off the Quest. How came they afterwards to be scattered?Ans. The Dragon hath done this, God suffering him maQuest. Why did God suffer the Dragon to prevail over so precious and glorious a Building?Ans. BecausQu. Is there then such a thing to be brought forth?Ans. Yea. There is a Church, there is a SpiritualQu. Is this Church, and the Church in the Apostles dayes different, or the same?Ans. This Church hatQu. Where hath this Church been these many ages, since the Dragons sore assault and overcoming it, aQu. What Wilderness? any visible, outward Wilderness?Ans. It is a parable, representing the scattereQuest. How were those Churches, or Buildings in the Apostles dayes laid waste?Ans. The presence of tQuest. According to this Rule there are, or have been few true Churches of God in the World, since tQu. When shall this true Church appear again?Ans. When God, who gave her the wings of an Eagle to flQu. How may it appear, that those present Buildings which are to be found in the world, are not trueQu. Why do men keep up such Buildings, and not rather mourn after the true Building of God, which isQu. How may I know the true Church?Ans. By being born of God's Spirit, and looking with that eye whiQu. Are there then many resemblances of the true Church, and pretenders to be such, which are not soQu. What makes a true Church?Ans. That alone which makes a spiritual body, and which unites that bodQu. May not the true Church be known by outward visible marks, as most persons describe
 and seek toQuest. Why not possibly in her Wilderness state?Ans. Because there she is stripped of them, and the Quest. Why hardly in her builtstate?Ans. Because even then such variety of resemblances and likenessQu. What am I to do when I know the true Church?Ans. To wait in that, which gives to be a Member of Quest. OUt of what womb doth the Seed of Israel spring?Ans. Out of the Nature of Eternal Life, out oQu. By what Covenant are the Children of Israel brought up?Ans. By the Covenant of Faith in the loveQuest. Is there obedience required in the New-Covenant?Ans. Yes, the obedience of Faith: the subjectQuest. What if there be disobedience?Ans. The Seed it self cannot disobey: but the Vessel in which iQuest. Can any fall from this Covenant?Ans. The Covenant is with the Seed for ever, and with the SeeQu. How is this begetting?Ans. In the weakening of man's strength day by day, and raising up the seeQu. How is this done?Ans. First by drawing forth what is in the man, and then by trying its strengthQu. VVhy doth God take this course with man?Ans. It is proper and natural. How
 can an higher PrinciQu. VVhat is man's Covenaent?Ans. That which his nature desires of God to make him happy. That LightQu. What is God's Covenant?Ans. That which his nature sees needful to make man happy in him, and to 
1. Some further Questions and Answers concerning the Seed of Israel.
Quest.WHat is the proper work of man here in this world?Ans. To fear God, and keep his Commandments.Quest. What is God?Ans. The Fountain of Beings and Natures, the inward Substance of all that appearsQuest. How may I know that there is a God?Ans. By sinking down into the Principle of his own life, wQuest. What is it to fear this God?Ans. The spirit and soul of the creature standing in awe of his NQuest. What are his Commandments?Ans. They are such as are either general to all mankind, common to Quest. What are those which are general to all mankind?Ans. They are very many, but may all be referQuest. How may man perform these?Ans. Onely by receiving a principle of life from God, and keeping cQu. How may a man come by a Principle of Life from God?Ans. God is near to every man with the breathQuest. What hinders man from receiving this Principle of Life, and from keeping close thereto?Ans. AQuest. How comes this fleshly Principle to be found in man?Ans. It was sown there by the enemy of maQuest. What help hath man against this fleshly Principle?Ans. None of himself: but being touched freQuest. In what way it this effected upon the heart?Ans. In the hearts belief of this Principle, and Quest. How may a man come to believe in this Principle?Ans. In feeling its nature, in waiting to feeQuest. How may a man come to obey this Principle.Ans. In the Faith, in the eying of it, in the clingQuest. How come persons to be so weak, and to complain so much for want of power,
 who feel a true bQuest. What is to be done in this case?Ans. The soul is to wait God's seasons of deliverance from thQuest. What ground is there for this hope?Ans. There is ground of hope for the creature in God's gooQuest. Are there other Commands besides these, common to some sorts of men?Ans. Yes▪ according to thQuest. Are there then more dispensations of life and mercy than one?Ans. Yes. For though the life anQuest. What have been the chief waies of dispensing the Light of Life towards mankind?Ans. First, ByQuest. Were ever any thus gathered to the Lord?Ans. The Lord is able to make any Dispensation of hisQuest. But the Law gave the knowledge of the Messiah to come through faith, in whom was the remissioQuest. What are the Commands common to those?Ans. They are known to those who are thus gathered, whoQuest. What other way of dispensing the Light of Life hath there been?Ans. That of the promise to thQuest. What were the Commands common to these?Ans. They were seen by them in the streamings forth ofQuest. What further dispensation of life hath there been?Ans. That of the Law to the Jews.Quest. Was that a Ministration of life? was it not rather a Ministration of death and condemnation?AQu. What were the common Laws amongst these?Ans. They are to be read in the writings of Moses and thQu. Have there been yet any further Dispensations of life?Ans. Yes, that of the Gospel, before the AQuest. What were the Laws common to these?Ans. They may be read in the Writings of the Evangelists aQuest. What hath the Ministration of Life been since the Apostles days?Ans. Very low, very weak, verQuest. Had these any common Commandments?Ans. Not so distinctly as the former: for they lying in an Qu. Hath there been any further dispensation of life since the Apostacy?Ans. There is another begun,Qu. How may it appear that there is another?Ans. There is no knowing this dispensation, but by beingQu. What is the difference of this from the former?Ans. It is more inward, more retired, more closelQu. Is it then the same in substance?Ans. Yes, the very same. The very same truth of Christ Jesus, tQu. But surely a greater glory than that in the Apostles dayes is not to be expected; nay it is not Qu. Are there any common Commands given forth in this Dispensation?Ans. Yes, unto all who are gatherQu. What are they?Ans. They are many, and concern many things (to wit, their meetings to worship andQuest. But how may men know that these are true Commands of the Lord, and not imaginations or opinioQu. Are there particular Commands to particular persons, besides these?Ans. As every heart hath its Qu. How may these be k•own?Ans. By coming into acquaintance with the Lord, and the movings and voiceQuest. WHo are the Seed of Israel?Ans. They who are begotten of the Spirit and Nature of the EternalQu. Are there such a seed in the earth?Ans. Yea, and have always been, who have stil been the blessiQu. Why are they hated by the world?Ans. Because they are not of the World, but faithful Witnesses aQu. Why do they thus testifie?Ans. It is their nature, and God calleth them thereunto. He hath set uQuest. How do they scatter the darkness? doth not the darkness rather scatter them?Ans. The darknessQu. Why doth the Lord suffer it to be thus, that that which is precious, and of him, should be troddQu. But shall this holy Seed always suffer in this world?Ans. Nay, not so: for the Lord hath a day tQu. When shall this be?Ans. When the malice and persecutions of the Enemies of the pure Seed are filQu. Where are this Seed?Ans. They are (as yet, for the generality) scattered up and down under the fQu. Were they then once in a body?Ans. Yea, they were once embodied: for after God had cast off the Quest. How came they afterwards to be scattered?Ans. The Dragon hath done this, God suffering him maQuest. Why did God suffer the Dragon to prevail over so precious and glorious a Building?Ans. BecausQu. Is there then such a thing to be brought forth?Ans. Yea. There is a Church, there is a SpiritualQu. Is this Church, and the Church in the Apostles dayes different, or the same?Ans. This Church hatQu. Where hath this Church been these many ages, since the Dragons sore assault and overcoming it, aQu. What Wilderness? any visible, outward Wilderness?Ans. It is a parable, representing the scattereQuest. How were those Churches, or Buildings in the Apostles dayes laid waste?Ans. The presence of tQuest. According to this Rule there are, or have been few true Churches of God in the World, since tQu. When shall this true Church appear again?Ans. When God, who gave her the wings of an Eagle to flQu. How may it appear, that those present Buildings which are to be found in the world, are not trueQu. Why do men keep up such Buildings, and not rather mourn after the true Building of God, which isQu. How may I know the true Church?Ans. By being born of God's Spirit, and looking with that eye whiQu. Are there then many resemblances of the true Church, and pretenders to be such, which are not soQu. What makes a true Church?Ans. That alone which makes a spiritual body, and which unites that bodQu. May not the true Church be known by outward visible marks, as most persons describe
 and seek toQuest. Why not possibly in her Wilderness state?Ans. Because there she is stripped of them, and the Quest. Why hardly in her builtstate?Ans. Because even then such variety of resemblances and likenessQu. What am I to do when I know the true Church?Ans. To wait in that, which gives to be a Member of Quest. OUt of what womb doth the Seed of Israel spring?Ans. Out of the Nature of Eternal Life, out oQu. By what Covenant are the Children of Israel brought up?Ans. By the Covenant of Faith in the loveQuest. Is there obedience required in the New-Covenant?Ans. Yes, the obedience of Faith: the subjectQuest. What if there be disobedience?Ans. The Seed it self cannot disobey: but the Vessel in which iQuest. Can any fall from this Covenant?Ans. The Covenant is with the Seed for ever, and with the SeeQu. How is this begetting?Ans. In the weakening of man's strength day by day, and raising up the seeQu. How is this done?Ans. First by drawing forth what is in the man, and then by trying its strengthQu. VVhy doth God take this course with man?Ans. It is proper and natural. How
 can an higher PrinciQu. VVhat is man's Covenaent?Ans. That which his nature desires of God to make him happy. That LightQu. What is God's Covenant?Ans. That which his nature sees needful to make man happy in him, and to 
**Types of content**

  * Oh, Mr. Jourdain, there is **prose** in there!

There are 19 **omitted** fragments! 
 @__reason__ (19) : illegible (19)  •  @__resp__ (19) : #murp (19)  •  @__extent__ (19) : 1 letter (18), 2 letters (1)

**Character listing**


|Text|string(s)|codepoint(s)|
|---|---|---|
|General Punctuation|•|8226|
|Geometric Shapes|▪|9642|

##Tag Usage Summary##

###Header Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__author__|2||
|2.|__availability__|1||
|3.|__biblFull__|1||
|4.|__change__|5||
|5.|__date__|7| @__when__ (1) : 2016-02 (1)|
|6.|__editorialDecl__|1||
|7.|__encodingDesc__|1||
|8.|__extent__|2||
|9.|__fileDesc__|1||
|10.|__idno__|7| @__type__ (7) : DLPS (1), EEBO-CITATION (1), VID (1), EEBO-PROQUEST (1), STC (2), OCLC (1)|
|11.|__keywords__|1| @__scheme__ (1) : http://authorities.loc.gov/ (1)|
|12.|__label__|5||
|13.|__langUsage__|1||
|14.|__language__|1| @__ident__ (1) : eng (1)|
|15.|__listPrefixDef__|1||
|16.|__note__|5||
|17.|__notesStmt__|2||
|18.|__p__|11||
|19.|__prefixDef__|2| @__ident__ (2) : tcp (1), char (1)  •  @__matchPattern__ (2) : ([0-9\-]+):([0-9IVX]+) (1), (.+) (1)  •  @__replacementPattern__ (2) : http://eebo.chadwyck.com/downloadtiff?vid=$1&page=$2 (1), https://raw.githubusercontent.com/textcreationpartnership/Texts/master/tcpchars.xml#$1 (1)|
|20.|__profileDesc__|1||
|21.|__projectDesc__|1||
|22.|__pubPlace__|2||
|23.|__publicationStmt__|2||
|24.|__publisher__|2||
|25.|__ref__|4| @__target__ (4) : https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/ (1), http://www.textcreationpartnership.org/docs/. (1), https://textcreationpartnership.org/faq/#faq05 (1), https://github.com/textcreationpartnership (1)|
|26.|__relatedItem__|1| @__type__ (1) : facs (1)  •  @__target__ (1) : https://data.historicaltexts.jisc.ac.uk/view?pubId=eebo-e (1)|
|27.|__revisionDesc__|1||
|28.|__seriesStmt__|1||
|29.|__sourceDesc__|1||
|30.|__term__|1| @__type__ (1) : topical_term (1)|
|31.|__textClass__|1||
|32.|__title__|3||
|33.|__titleStmt__|2||


###Text Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__body__|1||
|2.|__closer__|1||
|3.|__desc__|19||
|4.|__div__|85| @__type__ (85) : title_page (1), preface (1), part (3), question (80)|
|5.|__front__|1||
|6.|__g__|218| @__ref__ (218) : char:EOLhyphen (218)|
|7.|__gap__|19| @__reason__ (19) : illegible (19)  •  @__resp__ (19) : #murp (19)  •  @__extent__ (19) : 1 letter (18), 2 letters (1)|
|8.|__head__|4||
|9.|__hi__|200||
|10.|__p__|177||
|11.|__pb__|47| @__facs__ (47) : tcp:172682:1 (1), tcp:172682:2 (2), tcp:172682:3 (2), tcp:172682:4 (2), tcp:172682:5 (2), tcp:172682:6 (2), tcp:172682:7 (2), tcp:172682:8 (2), tcp:172682:9 (2), tcp:172682:10 (2), tcp:172682:11 (2), tcp:172682:12 (2), tcp:172682:13 (2), tcp:172682:14 (2), tcp:172682:15 (2), tcp:172682:16 (2), tcp:172682:17 (2), tcp:172682:18 (2), tcp:172682:19 (2), tcp:172682:20 (2), tcp:172682:21 (2), tcp:172682:22 (2), tcp:172682:23 (2), tcp:172682:24 (2)  •  @__n__ (37) : 1 (1), 2 (1), 3 (1), 4 (1), 5 (1), 6 (1), 9 (1), 10 (1), 11 (1), 12 (1), 13 (1), 14 (1), 15 (1), 16 (1), 17 (1), 18 (1), 19 (1), 20 (1), 21 (1), 22 (1), 23 (1), 24 (1), 25 (1), 26 (1), 27 (1), 28 (1), 29 (1), 30 (1), 31 (1), 32 (1), 33 (1), 34 (1), 35 (1), 36 (1), 37 (1), 38 (1), 39 (1)|
|12.|__q__|1||
|13.|__seg__|2| @__rend__ (2) : decorInit (2)|
|14.|__trailer__|1||
